yeah I do that it should be like a pop
up coming on your screens now see okay
hi everyone thanks for joining us today
is Monday the 27th of John 2020 this is
the IFS docs weekly sync up call today
we've got myself Johnny we got Jessica
and we've got Leon from the community
joining us which is really cool he's
popped over to say hi so we just quickly
run through what we've got going on for
the next few weeks what we've got done
in the past week and anything else
anyone used to bring up really so I
guess the number one thing to bring up
would be that we actually got a goalie a
search function so that's not running on
the new bear doc site which is excellent
instead of the old search function where
it just it collected information from
the the h1 headers of each post and each
page it actually goes through and I
indexes the entire site now which is
really cool so you can search for very
unique and strange terms and it should
find what you're looking for which is
excellent and again that's hosted or
doesn't manage by a go Lea which is
really cool Chris wiring who's not on
the call I was the the leading driver
for that so it's really cool a lot of
work playing from him
to get that up and running so that's fun
I mean fact I might just be able to
bring it up can you go see my browser
screen know is that been our closing I
don't know how you record technology
walks so you can see things now cool
okay cool I'm so you guys are in the way
over here so let's just search for
something
let's just go hashing so this is really
cool you got like a context-sensitive
things here so you actually got what's
in the page as well not just like the
actual header of the content you're
looking for so let's look on let's move
down yeah I guess it just takes us to it
it's just a load it's just a little more
easier to actually find the things
you're looking for and on top of that
gulia has excellent metrics collection
so we can kind of see if people are
typing for something so say we went here
types Greg Z the fact that this isn't
found the goalie is gonna be logging
down being like okay loads of people are
searching for brexit maybe you should
write an article that includes brexit we
definitely shouldn't write an article
the includes breaks it but you know it
was a laser throwing but yeah that's
really cool so it's definitely helped us
figure out the content that we need to
be right the things that people are
looking for and this is also really cool
because this still power of really well
with when other sort of ipfs projects
making releases we can kind of look at
those releases and go Oh loads of people
are looking at this new release that's
come out and we don't have the huge
amount Sonya maybe that's something that
but yeah so I think this is gonna be
really cool and I like the part that
it's nice and fast and Chris says it's
very easy to manage it tonight also
works well on mobile for something that
takes that such a large amount of space
it surprisingly does not suck on your
phone that's cool I've knowledge to test
it out mama when we can do that oh hi
Shane you're right just look at what I
started gaming this was like I gotta
figure out what word I'm gonna game the
not found with someone in Colorado they
keep searching but Briggs is everywhere
excellent okay cool
so I guess the next thing that we can
guess we can discuss stop sharing now is
over the next couple of weeks we're
gonna have a few different people
contributing to the to the doc so we've
got a few different people picking up a
lot of the grants that we have our
available I think there's about seven or
eight grants available now and I think
at least half of them are filled up all
they have yeah we're up to seven yeah
cool and I will note what hasn't been
attached to it was arbitrarily chosen by
me
oh there may be you know if something if
something feels here this is for Leon
for whoever might be reading this out in
the ledger
world if something feels like it ought
to be that it is valuable enough that
that we should throw about the other to
accelerate its development please let us
know
yeah definitely so over the next pretty
much the rest of today really I'm going
to be going through and finding more
stuff that we can be throwing bounties
on there's a priority listening of that
so there's like a priority of p0 all the
way through 2 P 3 P 0 being the most
like highest priority freeze pre 3 being
the lowest which is probably not the way
I should have done it because it doesn't
make sense semantically anyway but yes
I'll just go through and then like throw
bounties on some of the big things Leon
if you find anything you really want to
work on let me know and then we can we
can find out like the best path that
it's great to have you on board with
yeah that's about it really nice just
could you have anything else the one I
actually know I have nothing of value
I'm just here for the lulz yeah yeah got
if I make contributions should it be for
the beta version or the previous one
excellent point so we're kind of in a
way limbo stage at the moment well we've
like you've noticed we've got the two
repositories so we've got ipfs slash
docs and then ipfs slash ipfs - dogs -
v2 so the actual content should go into
the v2 stuff so when you're making piles
and things like that make them into the
v2 version but then all the issues
themselves they're staying in ipfs slash
dogs there is an intention to merge
those two together it's just because
while we still have the old silent
before we Capra cater we need to keep
that repository alive with all the same
content and things like that but yes so
actual content changes when you're
writing are down I goes into ipfs slash
ipfs - dot - me too but then the issues
you're addressing or in the old ipfs
slash dogs repo does that make sense
cool yeah it's a bit it's it's very
strange it's just kind of a hockey way
but kind of because of the way github
deals with issues and things we're
trying to find the best solution where
we can merge everything together without
losing any of the history because those
importance just to keep everything
together but yeah if you ever if you get
stuck or anything um just
ping an issue in one of the two places
and we'll help you up yeah I think we
actually for right now we've got I keep
us Doxey to the the fetus site repo you
can't even open an issue in that repo
basically that's just a holding pen for
the new code base until is Johnny said
we deprecate the legacy code base um we
had intended to do it sooner rather than
later but there's some extenuating
circumstances with an IP FS world large
and bandwidth that mean we're probably
going to wait until the end of the
quarter if we end up with more bandwidth
we will accelerate that but um the
deprecation plan once we all got it on
paper got real real lengthy and the
decision was made just like rather than
rather than rush through this and
potentially botch some stuff because
there's a lot of opportunities to break
outside linking from other people's
tutorials and whatever like Lissa's to
it let's let's delay make sure we can do
and when we know that we've got the
resources to do it like perfectly well
so what that does mean is that all the
issues live in Docs all the code lives
in ipfs docks beats you which is sort of
pain in the butt that said any issue
that's got a bounty put on it we've
explicitly noted the document like the
markdown document in the new repo that
you should see are your changes against
so if you want to grab a mounting issue
this those examples will be real real
explicit if you want to grab something
that isn't about any issue hit one of us
up and we'll just point you it's like
here this should live here so it is a
little is a little hairy right now we
realize that in the soon ish future soon
ish it's fine cool all right well if
that's everything cool